Hub: state channel address configuration (#759)
statechannels/monorepo: packages/hub/readme.md

> ### Interacting with the hub from a browser

Reviewer: > a browser
Could be "from a `wallet`" to be precise

Author: It's a bit tricky, as from a user's perspective, the interaction is happening from rps. Also, rps is the module sending messages to the hub.  What about "Establishing a virtual channel between clients through the hub"?

Author: 2255c2c49

> **NOTE**: it is important to define a unique `HUB_ADDRESS` if others are running the hub locally since all hub instances use the same Firebase realtime database.

Reviewer: This could be clearer. Perhaps

> **NOTE**: Running this package makes a connection to a shared external Firebase database. So, to avoid colliding with other developers also testing this package, set the environment variable `HUB_ADDRESS` to one that is not being used by any other developer for testing or local development purposes.

Author: Addressed in 04005dd79

> To play against the hub from the browser client, the hub and the browser need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to the `hub` from the browser `wallet`, the `hub` and the browser `wallet` need to:
```

> - Share the state-channel address of the hub. A good way to do so is to create a `.env.development.local` in the monorepo root with `HUB_ADDRESS` and `HUB_PRIVATE_KEY` defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Share the same address of the hub. A good way to do so is to create a `.env.development.local` in the monorepo root with `HUB_ADDRESS` and `HUB_PRIVATE_KEY` defined.
```

Author: There are 2 addresses the hub uses: one for transaction signing and one for state signing. If this line is not clear, open to suggestions though!

> - Point to the same local Ganache server. Configure your `.env` files accordingly. This should work without any modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Point to the same shared local Ganache server. This should work without any modifications. To see which ports are being used by the `hub` and `wallet`, and to verify they are the same, you can reference the `GANACHE_PORT` environment variable which by default is set in `.env.development` of each package.
```

Author: At the moment, ganache env vars are set in `.env` (and not `.env.development`) in all packages.

Author: Hopefully clearer in 04005dd79e9bb15826f6d186e91b33ba99d4a0d6

- Point to the same contract addresses on Ganache. This will be the case if the hub and the client wallet point to the same Ganache server.

> You will also need to make sure that the hub's blockchain address has funds. The default hub blockchain address `HUB_SIGNER_ADDRESS` is in [constants.ts](https://github.com/statechannels/monorepo/blob/master/packages/hub/src/constants.ts)

Reviewer: Maybe add a note on how to send funds to this address for your local ganache instance? We could also possibly have some script which does this automatically.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps the `start:ganache` script can do this on start.

Reviewer: I think `ganache` allows you to set initial funding states of particular addresses with the `accounts` field. We could set `HUB_SIGNER_ADDRESS` to some big number.

Author: As long as `HUB_SIGNER_ADDRESS` is one of these addresses, it will have funds. Agreed that we can be clearer in the readme.

Author: Hopefully clearer in 04005dd79e9bb15826f6d186e91b33ba99d4a0d6.
